The 1.4 version of Polarities is currently in beta: Not all of the content from 1.3 has been ported yet!

A content mod which aims to add mechanically interesting bosses, enemies, items, and more! (Not all of this has been ported yet) Currently adds ten new bosses, several new enemies, a variety of weapons and accessories, some tiles and armor sets, two new mini-biomes, a new subworld, and a new town NPC.

IMPORTANT NOTE: THE MOD DOES NOT WORK IN MULTIPLAYER.

Coders- turingcomplete30
Wiki- bubbyboytoo
Spriters- ElectroManiac, niker, triangle, Scratch Lunin, Squartron, Rednbloo, Leaper
Sounds- moonburn
Bestiary- Danku (Jerry), bubbyboytoo
Former team members- junk boy
With sprites from- discord_account, yogu, Vega_1, Evolution, UnworthyPie, warrenmark_art, Masked Luigi, Darkpuppey, DeJuiceTD, Jimbo Animations, Le Supreme Slimelad, nalyddd, Hugekraken, Heart Plus Up!, MountainyBear49, Rocketlauncher269, TRYAGAIN211, Danmaskino, Soft

v0.11 Beta 2 Changelog
  Prismatic lacewings now spawn after defeating sun pixie instead of plantera
  Fixed the seismophone's recipe
  Convective Wanderer now enters phase 2 slightly earlier
  Fixed some laser collison bugs
  Fixed the crystal knives not having their recipe
  Improved the efficiency of convective wanderer's flame drawing
  Fixed the Lernaean's orbiters damaging friendly NPCs
  Baby wanderers can now be detected by the lifeform analyzer
  Fixed the stardance not being researchable
  Fixed the lava ocean biome extending up out of the underworld
  Fixed the grapes' wrath hook tentacles not appearing
  Fixed the pincer staff doing melee damage
  Added and adjusted some ghostwriter dialogue
  Re-added stalactites to the limestone caves in normal mode in order to make the speleothem obtainable
  Fixed the journey mode research cost of salt crates, torches, the laser lens, salt knives, mantellar ore, and life grasper
  Fixed the head splitter being unable to recieve melee prefixes

Nalyd To-Do:
    Rift Denizen Drops and Bestiary
    Fractal Enemy Gores, Debuffs
    Fractal Chest Loot
    Selfsimilar Sentinel
    Fractal Enemy Spawns
    Selfsimilar Sentinel/Bar Loot
    Misc Fractal Stuff (Fishing, other missed content)
    Fix some Music Box Sprites (SOME ARE GRABBED FROM WIKI AND HAVE COMPRESSION NOISE)
    Fix some Music being MP3s
    Fractal HP bar
    Fractal Loading Screen

Fixes to do:
  Worm guns break with manual

Things I should do:
  MUSIC RE-ADD THE MUSIC
  Decide whether to re-add the burning altar or not
  Make pegasus saddle draw on ridden pegasi
  Replace using AIType to control platform falling with CanFallThroughPlatforms
  Move more boss drops to being craftable
    Bat slimes should be an alt source for gigabat's material
  Disable mod in MP (or tbh just remove the MP button)
  Make bestiary entries for (most) normal enemies face left
  Ensure non-buff critters can be hit by enemies
  Give worms and other drawcode-intensive enemies custom bestiary portraits
  Make salt, limestone, and fractal torches work with the torch god's favor
  Make salt suffocate the player
  Salt fishing outposts, limestone fortresses?
  Trapped versions of chests
  I should make weapons generally not go through walls as much
  Make warhammers able to hit multiple enemies per swing
  Fractal and nilmanifold menu styles (unlockable? it should notify you they're unlocked if that's the case (also change the transition screen to be based on nil geometry because it's cool))
    Possibly other unlockable menu styles obtained from beating things
  Nonconsumable boss summons (including making torch god's favor summon torch god if already used and conditions are valid)
    For the less conventional summons: Gemfly/lacewing statues?
  Make stylist? and mechanic? like ghostwriter and dryad not, give happiness dialogue
  Polarities-related emotes for NPCs to use:
    Boss emotes: Used after the defeat of their respective boss
      Additionally, sun pixie/esophage emotes should show up during their respective events
    Ghostwriter emote
    Fractal dimension emote: If the player is in the fractal dimension, probably mostly used by the regular NPC
    Blood moon and eclipse emotes should be more common in between the defeats of their respective proto-bosses and bosses
    Cichlid emote in rain
    Uncommon snek emote
    Nerd emoji emote
  Ghostwriter should use the gravestone emote and mechanic emote, and boss emotes (when available) more often
  Regulator should use the nerd emote more often
  Furniture smart interaction
  Make the right click effects of autoswing warhammers also autoswing
  Make stellated/great stellated slimes spawn (at all? more frequently?) during meteor showers
  Boss titles maybe? (Would be a config option able to be turned off)
  Get rid of isolated blocks in the fractal dimension (possibly add fractal floating islands to compensate)

Planned FTW changes:
  Giant rift denizen? Maybe w/ less attack delay? Possibly inflicts more fractalization?
  Sentinel w/ smaller arena
  Total eclipxie (eye is bigger)?
  Hemorrphage?
  Closer polarities? (Polarities but both do both types of attacks?)

Consistency concerns for special seeds:
  Drunk world:
    Salt and limestone swap generation styles (done!)
    Lava ocean generates in the middle of the underworld (this actually probably makes it easier to deal with than vanilla), convective spawns and mantellar gen also occur here (done!)
    Fractus are much more common and can grow larger
    We don't need to add an extra biome chest because it already exists (done!)
  Not the bees:
    Salt and limestone are replaced with honey above lava layer and crispy honey below lava layer (done!)
    Fractal dimension is painted yellow
  For the worthy:
    Consider increasing projectile damage (make this a config option) (also probaly fix journey mode ftw damage/health (make the health fix a config option?))
    Salt and limestone caves are more common (done!)
    Stellar remotes must generate in locked gold cloud chests instead of skyware chests (done!)
    Lava lake generation must have ash block lava pocket speckling (done!)
    Sentinel caves are probably smaller
    You probably acquire fractalization more quickly
  Celebrationmk10:
    Ghostwriter spawns immediately on world start (done!)
    Fractal dimension is probably painted with rainbow fractals
    Fractus are more common
    Most bosses are smaller than normal (done! so far)
  The Constant:
    Fractus will hurt you
  Fractal Seed:
    You start with regulator instead of guide
    Ghostwriter spawns in this seed even though it's the fractal dimension
    Fractal altar and twisted mirror/recall potions shouldn't take you to a subworld

Possible BG objects
  Generic background objects: Falling star constructs (possibly more common during meteor showers (this could maybe apply to actual dormant constructs and both stellated slimes)), cloudfish schools
  Rapture BG objects: Glowing sunbeams (even at night) (done!)
  Pestilence BG objects: Red and purple spores floating up from the terrain (more red in corruption, more purple in crimson) (done!)
  Hell BG objects: Flocks of lavafowl (killing polarities should remove these)
    Lava ocean BG should remove most of the lava BG stuff
  Killing the polarities should remove migratory bird BG objects
  Fractal background objects: Various fractal creatures? Rifts? I need to make the dimension feel more alive so it should probably feel like there's as much depth in random systems that don't do that much as there is in the overworld